Add note on migration from old version (#101)
actualbudget/docs: docs/Installing/overview.md

Once you’ve set up your server, you can [configure it](Configuration.md) to change a few of the ways it works.

> If you're coming from the old, hosted version of Actual, you may want to [migrate your data](../Getting-Started/migration/migration-intro.md).

Reviewer: I think we need to be more specific on what the old, hosted version is. Maybe "If you're coming from a managed Actual subscription"

Author: Good point. I think it will apply specifically to the original app.actualbudget.com, so how about this:

```suggestion
If you're coming from the original, managed Actual subscription service, you may want to [migrate your data](../Getting-Started/migration/migration-intro.md).
```
